hello I'm Juliet you know in July laughs
today we're gonna make some amazing hey
dougie biscuits we've got all our
ingredients here so we've got some flour
and some baking powder so you want to
whisk that through for me Delilah's just
to get it all nice and mix we're going
to put our butter into the mixer oh look
at that and some sugar
a little bit of vanilla extract a lovely
mix up so get all nice and creamy isn't
it that's all nice and mixed now is it
time for the egg pop it in yeah so now
we're going to add our flour if you
don't have an ex-agent to sneak it by
hands by one last mix all of our mixture
is into a lovely dough and we can roll
it out can't wait they're rolling you
want to sprinkle some flour all over the
surface Delilah and every time when you
roll it with what do we do to stop it
sticking to the surface
twist it twist we twist it now and we'll
put a little bit more flour otherwise
our biscuits will be all stuck right now
we want it to be about about that thin
don't we so not too thin I reckon that's
about right
do you yeah well that feels perfect i
donkey shape so we're just gonna hold
him down into the biscuit dough and just
go really carefully all the way round
lift him up that's it brilliant just use
our fingers and we'll just make him into
a nice neat shape and then he'll be
ready to go in the other lonely oh that
looks brilliant
[Music]
close them isn't it time for baking
let's pop them in and now we just have
to wait until they're all nice and baked
and golden neat time for getting the
biscuits
so we've got everything all ready to
start decorating we've got our biscuits
we've made all of our color icings and
all of our equipment so should we get
started what I'm gonna use a little bit
of icing sugar because it gets very
sticky doesn't it
[Music]
brilliant should we do the other colors
yeah that's his head isn't it so he will
be that will be on the brown one
superhero one isn't it the blue one
[Music]
Alex really Goods that's just like
doggies head isn't it the best way to
stick it we've got a little bit of icing
sugar and water and then just brush it
on top of his head
[Music]
we need little nose I think yeah that
looks good and then what else do we
think he needs on their smile
[Music]
brilliant what do you think of those
dougie I think he likes it yeah thanks
for watching everyone for more from
dougie check out the hey dougie YouTube
channel
[Music]